Oh, the error is. Yeah, the V rack.
You will get us the oh,
where is the V rack?
Why didn't come up?
I I think I I talked to David yesterday
before he left for vacation and.
It might be as simple as there's just a
step that's missing at the beginning,
but I I don't know.
We would need to see the files and see if
we could recreate the problem I think.
OK.
So this is the one that we have seen like
some error.
As soon as we deployed and then has the
assume error,
then we will see the status as the error
and then when we go inside of it and then.
Mm hmm.
This component should be installed
correctly but sometime it doesn't show
any component or sometimes it shows the
component has a failure.
So that was the observation we send.
OK.
OK. And also another issue is that.
There is the meeting.
The issue that I at I already addressed
this one, this one. Yeah.
So when we deploy once we deploy the V
rack successfully and then we've been
working on you know deploying to another
manually once we get into the security
and and then we try to use the.
V rack instance.
For other command, sometimes we run.
There are certain tasks through the
pipeline somehow.
We just running the command and using the
VR command and then somehow they delete
the V rack so that we had to recreate the
V rack stuff from the scratch.
I don't know what's happening but.
My understanding when I look at the VR
control source code,
the VR control code is the just a client
application and then in the server side
they are just communicating with a secure
shell. So that if there is a 2.
Client you know concurrently they're
accessing it somehow that they tended to.
Some, you know,
unusual behavior happening.
So that's why I lost just several time
over my V rack. When I run through the,
you know, pipeline.
Also my another colleague.
Also, he experienced the same thing.
You were trying to create.
When I read this,
it sounded to me like you were trying to
create a rack that already existed and it
deleted the old one when when you ran the
create operation again.
Yes.
OK and what you were saying was that
shouldn't happen if it.
Yeah.
Already there it should be like I can't
create it because there's already rack
with that name.
Right then they need to skip it.
OK.
But somehow they are deleting it.
Yeah. OK.
When when I saw David's response to you
on this,
he made it sound like that's expected
behavior. Which kind of surprised me.
So I'm gonna follow up with him about
that when he gets back.
OK.
Yeah. And or is it?
Because because I mean not knowing.
Like the requirements and why it does
what it does today.
Like what you described to me sounds like
how we we would want it to behave.
So I need to touch base with him on that
one.
OK. And also the third you know challenge.
Is that somehow when we run the other
commander using the git?
I mean the V rack Control instance
command.
So there,
we'd like to know the what is the the
behavior of the streaming standard hour
standard error or something like that
because it doesn't populate the.
I mean, there will be another topic,
but you know when?
They run the that command.
I would expect they should give the some
you know error code correctly,
or sometimes if it is the warning or if
it I mean not warning if it is the error
or if it is the standard output.
Somehow we didn't get the final result
and then sometimes they dropping the one
of the stream so that we don't see the.
That certain you know output from the
commander. We are running with.
It so that will be the another challenge
and also I mean as you know it doesn't
support the other real time of the output.
So which will be a little bit challenging
in terms of implementation as well as I
experience before.
So you'll be really nice to have a little
improvement in the actual, you know,
streaming of the command.
Is this?
Is this really coming up when? OK,
so let me repeat back what I heard.
So the text streaming coming out of the
command line interface is is.
Right pichu.
Sorry.
Oh yeah,
the command line which we feed inside of
the command,
like using running the SM command inside
of the Gateway or LRU.
OK.
So in that case.
When when you are connected to the
command line to the gateway or whatever,
and you're running a command,
the standard out streaming is not
consistent.
Right.
OK.
And that's mainly a concern when you are
is that a concern,
no matter what you're doing?
Or is this mainly like when your
pipeline's executing and you can't tell
what's happening or?
Even when I run through the command line
from the my terminal,
Huh.
you know so that they can, you know,
communicate it.
Uh.
So even I face the other kind of a issue
even in the, you know,
OK.
the pipeline is the Oper,
because somehow this via control,
you know what is the other OD for to
shell they are using it.
Is that just a regular shell or bash,
org whatever it.
Is.
So that you will be really nice.
They can populate the all those
environments.
Variables so that way we don't need to
feed it lengthy.
One line of a commander,
like a export or something.
Environment export something environment
and then finally we are running the final
you know command line which is really
lengthy even we can chop as the back
slash but the in the pipeline they only
show the first line so that is the
another.
Some hard to debug the SM issues.
OK.
I hear what you're saying.
Let me let me let me see what we can do
about that one and I can also ask the
test automation team here if they've had
that issue.
And if so,
if there was anything they they were able
to do kind of to get to get around it.
I see. OK.
And and also another thing is that the.
Actually, what was that?
Oh,
so when we use the set plus E or set
minus E,
you know before executing the actual
command,
I don't know the the actual do behaviors.
You know about that kind of?
Environment so that will be the another
ask,
but that is there's something you know,
I just the move everything into the shell
right now so that that's not the big
issue right now. OK.
OK.
And then next one is the you know the
first one actually we create I.
I noticed that that there is a AHA ticket
for that, but that is the snapshot.
I would say so.
Similar to that, but you really,
really nice to have this kind of a
comment.
Like instance clone from the V rang
number.
I mean the template name because once we
create the the V rack which we are
working.
With a gateway and then you know the LRU.
Then instead of,
you know creating the V rack all the time,
we just have a final or some golden
version of the V rack.
And then we can just span off and then
there will be the, you know, safer.
And we're so faster when we.
Creating the new vrack.
So I'm hoping that they can, you know,
implemented this one with a higher
priority in the next quarter.
There will be the.
My you know, thumbs up.
Well, yeah.
I I I see how to say this like I think.
What you're asking for here is you've
explained it clearly and and the value of
it.
We we have the multi orbit team has asked
for something very similar to to this.
This is their main like ask now is is.
Is there a way that we can make it so
that we can get these spun up quicker and
then the last meeting that I had with
Yeah.
Chris.
He also said he thought that this was
should be our our next.
Big priority.
For the for the product.
OK.
Yep.
So it's definitely like like it's it's
been on the road map for a long time and
it is.
I think it's moving up to the to the top
of the request list.
OK.
So hoping that you can just put this and
then it's so stress on the next π
planning for this there will be.
Yeah, I'll do my best.
I I go in the Pi planning and I I always
think it's going to be this thing that we
we get prioritized and at the last minute
like somehow it's not so but but I will
OK.
definitely advocate for this one.
I I think it is something we need and
then I you know I I had sent out a a
OK.
survey to to the engineering managers
asking.
Hey, what what?
How are you finding your experience?
What do you think we should work on next
for this product?
And Aparna was one of the people that I
reached out to.
So she can probably just take this and
put that in the survey and then that will
get put into the report that I'm giving
to upper management about where we want
to take this product with the road map is.
This is very timely, very timely.
All right.
Yeah. Yeah. OK.
Thank you.
Yeah. And also, I don't know,
actually David Kayan,
when people he left the other vacation
and then he sent out some reply so that
Mm hmm.
he I added his response here but can't.
I don't know.
He mentioned that there is a SVU bot so
that no matter is a secret shell or SP or
some pack, you know SSS.
Ages have been running.
I don't know that you're gonna cover the
pack SSH either,
but can you explain about the disk SV bot?
Yeah, I'm not.
I'm not familiar with this,
but he'll be back on Tuesday so he can
give you more information then.
OK.
Yeah. OK. Gotcha.
I texted in here and then see if he can
have a one-on-one sync with me about the
Yeah.
my pipeline is has a some flaws or
something so.
It.
Well,
definitely the the the YAML files that
you're generating.
If you can give us copies of those,
I'd like to see if we can recreate the
problem and analyze them because.
OK.
It it could be a bug with the product.
Sometimes it's not with the virtual rack
product,
but with our LMS system and we have to go
talk to the loading team and be like, hey,
this is a way that people are loading
stuff on racks now, can you help us,
you know, fix this and and then?
Sometimes it's just like.
Like like there's something missing from
the file and you put in there and
suddenly everything works.
So like if you can send those to us,
we'll we'll do a deep dive into the files
OK.
and try to reproduce it.
Yeah, yeah, already.
I talked to the Eric Sulli about this
issue before.
But what he's saying is that LMS will,
you know, automatically, you know,
Mm hmm.
they gonna load all those component or
whatever is in the you know the component
list.
But I noticed that recently, not recently.
I don't know when they changed the those
Yammer file format so that we used to use
the Yammer file for the V RAG.
You know deployment.
Including the those kit SSR kit or
something.
But somehow they unite here as a single
fire pitch.
Include all those component so that we
don't use the adjacent file in the latest
one,
but they have a backward compatibility
for now so that.
I was curious, you know,
because of the latest change 'cause that
kind of problem.
But I have no clue.
OK,
well since the files it won't help you
figure it out.
Yeah. OK.
So David will be back on Tuesday.
I will, OK.
I will forward that information.
What else?
I think that's all about it.
Anyone has any issue while you are using
it?
Sorry, was was that a question for me?
OK. Yes.
No, no, no. The our team.
Now you're the power user and you've
captured.
Yeah, even the same issues with me.
Maybe my pipeline is something wrong,
so in the case you know they might cause
the problems too.
So that I don't guarantee my pipeline is
100% guarantee making working.
So maybe I can discuss more with you know
David. Then once he comes back so.
We'll get to the bottom of it.
OK.
All right, I will for the, you know,
Yammer 5, you know, after this meeting,
Thank you so much. Appreciate it. Alright.
all right.
Thank you so much.
Have a great weekend.
Have a wonderful weekend.
Yeah. Thank you.
Thank you.
Yep, bye.
Bye. Thank you.
I.
Bye guys.